I declare that this present move of the
Holy Spirit shall not be contained in
one location but i declare that i have
been seeing for days holy spirit
volcanic eruptions on every continent of
the earth
on every continent there shall be holy
eruptions of the hot passionate power
and love of God
strategic locations shall open up on
every continent of the earth
and people shall come to those locations
but it will not be contained to one
eruption / continent this is global
eruption season
well I gotta do that one again that felt
good haha this is global eruption season
of the passion and power of the love of
God on every continent of the earth
and todd Bentley but not only todd
Bentley but todd Bentley will go into
another level of commissioning and he
will be one who will help go to every
continent and on cat the hot lava
eruptions of the love and power of god
on every continent in Jesus name
call it global advance call it global
awakening call it gobo gobo gobo call a
global glory
boy that one is still on the inside of
me so I'm going to erupt on it again I
declare in the name of the Lord there is
going to be soon hot volcanic eruptions
of the Royal passion and power of God in
strategic locations on every continent
of the earth
and it will not be stopped it will not
be stopped it will not be stopped it
will not be stopped even as a volcano
when Aaron erupts it cannot be stopped
so shall be the eruptions in the bowels
of God did you by the way did you know
the greek word for compassion is a word
for eruption of your bowels haha it's
called a movement